feat(release-health): Add missing doc on server mode sessions (#4116)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/releases/health/index.mdx

### Session

The primary component Sentry uses to monitor health is a _session_, which represents the interaction between the user and the application.

> Sentry distinguishes between two kinds of sessions; user-mode/application-mode sessions and server-mode/request-mode sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry distinguishes between two kinds of sessions: 
- User-mode/application-mode sessions 
- Server-mode/request-mode sessions
```

> #### User-mode/Application-mode sessions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### User-Mode/Application-Mode Sessions
```

> A session begins with the start of the application. Or, it begins with bringing the already started application back from background to the foreground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user- or application-mode session begins with the start of the application. Or, it begins with bringing the already started application back from background to the foreground.
```

> A session ends with the closing of the application or with the application being sent to the background. If the application is in the background for less than 30 seconds, we do not start the session again. Applications that are active even on the background (for example, a music player) should track the sessions manually for the background process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of session ends with the closing of the application or with the application being sent to the background. If the application is in the background for less than 30 seconds, we do not start the session again. Applications that are active even on the background (for example, a music player) should track the sessions manually for the background process.
```

> #### Server-mode/Request-mode sessions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Server-Mode/Request-Mode Sessions
```

> These kind of sessions roughly correspond to HTTP requests or RPC calls in a server setting. A session is started upon the server receiving a request, and terminates upon the server sending a response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server- or request-mode sessions roughly correspond to HTTP requests or RPC calls in a server setting. A session is started when the server receives a request, and terminates when the server sends a response.
```

The primary component Sentry uses to monitor health is a _session_, which represents the interaction between the user and the application.

Sentry distinguishes between two kinds of sessions:

- User-mode/application-mode sessions
- Server-mode/request-mode sessions

>   #### User-Mode/Application-Mode Sessions {#application-mode-sessions}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 #### User-Mode/Application-Mode Sessions {#application-mode-sessions}
```

  A user- or application-mode session begins with the start of the application. Or, it begins with bringing the already started application back from background to the foreground.

  This type of session ends with the closing of the application or with the application being sent to the background. If the application is in the background for less than 30 seconds, we do not start the session again. Applications that are active even on the background (for example, a music player) should track the sessions manually for the background process.

>   #### Server-Mode/Request-Mode Sessions {#request-mode-sessions}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Server-Mode/Request-Mode Sessions {#request-mode-sessions}
```
